=head1 Contributing

Contributing to Xinutec software requires you to sign a Contributor License
Agreement. Signing the CLA is done by sending an E-Mail to C<contrib> at
C<xinutec.org>. In your E-Mail, you need to provide the following information:

=over

=item Full name

=item Country

=back

You may optionally provide additional contact information. If your contributions
will be provided from GitHub repositories, your E-Mail should include the GitHub
username.

You must attach the L<CLA text|cla.txt> with your E-Mail. If you have a digital
certificate or PGP key, please use it to sign the mail, including the attached
text. It is important to send the text along with your signature, as it may
change in the future, but your signature will not apply to any future versions
of the CLA. You will be contacted if a change in the agreement is relevant to
you.

Please contact us at C<contrib> at C<xinutec.org> if the legislation in your
country does not permit such agreements.


=head2 Data Privacy Statement

Xinutec Research Labs will use the information given in your agreement for
contacting you in case of questions regarding your contributions. The
information you give us will be kept confidential and your personal information
will not be disclosed to third parties without your prior consent except where
necessary to confirm factual information provided by you. Access to sensitive
personal data is strictly controlled and confined to staff with responsibilities
in these areas.


=head2 Correctness Declaration

When you submit a signed CLA, you accept the following statement:

I confirm that to the best of my knowledge the information I have provided in my
agreement is correct and true. I realise that if I have deliberately given false
or misleading information, all my rights to my contributions will be waived.
